it's not designed like a traditional car
very low very sporty so transparent
lightness freshness new angles new
perspectives the car demonstrates a big
step into the future the vision of BMW
this is the exciting look of efficient
dynamics
now this is a sports car of the future
the way BMW imagines it it has a
three-cylinder engine in the back and it
has electric drive also on the rear axle
as well as on the front axle so with
that the vehicle can drive without any
noise or without any emission it can
drive under electric power and it can
also drive under both the diesel engine
power and the electric drive and then it
will perform like you would expect from
a BMW it will have an acceleration like
an m3 for example this car drives up to
250 kilometers an hour by using 3.7
liter diesel per 100 kilometers he has
the possibility to drive this car for
about 50 kilometers purely electric as I
see how many but 6 500 flew in this
planet there are two flaps a connection
for power supply and a normal flower
through which you can refuel as a
physician ventricle 230 and kernan the
car can also recharge its battery with
the internal combustion engine
for the design lightweight was important
and aerodynamics was important and those
are two things that I believe you see
very well on the vehicle this car
expresses lightness we stretch the
proportions of the car we make them
passionate we show that we're very
passionate about dynamics and we make it
look light this lightness these new
angles these new perspectives a very
distinct graphic Piper very simple but
still very dynamic in Amish
it's a very radical concept which will
show and that it is possible in the
future to have a car that that is fun to
drive expresses joy and is very
efficient and as such in terms of
personal mobility in sustainable answer
I didn't point with this product we
thought a lot about sustainability and
we have in all the materials we have in
this car actually a sustainable story
behind it we used light materials such
as carbon and simply cut down on
brackets and other components otay dive
Angus bud
the idea behind the interior was that we
take everything out we we analyze it and
have a look at what we can put back in
to make the car in the future lighter
with fewer elements but without losing
the emotional touch that is needed this
car in particular demonstrates that we
are planning to be a leader in
sustainability and this mostly by doing
it the typical BMW way namely with
passion
you